{Docs} Roadmap for track2 migration (#16532)
Azure/azure-cli: doc/track_2_migration_roadmap.md

# Track2 SDK Migration Roadmap

> This document provides the roadmap for track2 SDK migration in Azure CLI. When you migrate your module to track2 SDK, you can go to [Track2 migration guidance](track_2_migration_guidance.md) to check how to migrate to track2 SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This document provides a roadmap for Track 2 SDK migration in Azure CLI. When you migrate your module to Track 2 SDK, you can go to [Track 2 Migration Guidance](track_2_migration_guidance.md) to check how to migrate to Track 2 SDK.
```
